{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\margl1080\margr1080\margt720\margb720
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs21
\pard\qc\b CHRIS TALLENT\b0\par
\pard\qc Cincinnati Metro Area \bullet  859.394.2923 \bullet  chris@provenedge.com \bullet  linkedin.com/in/tallented\par
\pard\ql\par
April 30, 2026\par
Banyan Software Hiring Team\par
Dear Banyan Software Hiring Team,\par
\par
I am interested in the Director of AI role because Banyan's AI Factory is focused on a problem I have spent much of my career solving: modernizing older business-critical software, building repeatable engineering practices, and staying close enough to product and operating teams to make the technology change successful.\par
\par
At Pitchstone, I served as CTO and lead architect for a configuration-driven platform supporting a Fortune 100 wireless retailer's workflow across roughly 15,000 locations. That work combined platform architecture, AWS account and access design, ISO 27001 readiness, stakeholder communication, and practical AI features using Bedrock, Textract, Comprehend, and Python. I also used Claude Code to cut one modernization cycle from four months to three weeks by automating upgrades, test generation, and repeatable team delivery practices.\par
\par
Earlier, at Automobile Consumer Services, I led the modernization of a legacy PHP fintech platform into AngularJS and Java/Spring services on AWS Kubernetes, improving uptime to 99.99% and moving deployment cycles from weeks to hours. Through Proven Edge, I have also worked in an embedded, player-coach capacity across SaaS, legal-tech, laboratory, and real-estate clients, helping teams assess architecture, stabilize delivery, and leave with systems they can own.\par
\par
The part of Banyan's role that is most interesting to me is the chance to turn those patterns into a repeatable operating model across many operating companies: assessment, prioritization, engineering playbooks, cloud operations, stakeholder communication, and measurable delivery outcomes. I would bring a hands-on engineering background, experience with AI-assisted modernization, and a practical leadership style focused on helping teams move faster without losing reliability, security, or maintainability.\par
\par
I'd be glad to discuss how my experience could help Banyan build and scale this modernization capability across the portfolio.\par
\par
Sincerely,\par
Chris Tallent\par
}
